Assignment 3: Angular, TypeScript, <br>Bootstrap, Responsive Design, JavaScript. in <br>Server Side, Node.js, Express, AJAX, JSON, <br>and Artsy API<br>1 Objectives<br>1. Get experience with creating backend applications using JavaScript/Node.js on the server side <br>with framework.<br>2. Get experience with using Angular, TypeScript, and Bootstrap on the client side and creating <br>responsive frontend.<br>3. Get experience with using HttpClientModule of Angular for AJAX.<br>4. Get experience with Artsy API.<br>5. Get experience with Google Cloud Platform. (GCP).<br>2 Assignment Description Resources<br>1. Assignment Description Document (This document)<br>2. Rubric (aka, Grading Guidelines)<br>3 General Directions<br>1. The backend of this Assignment must be implemented in JavaScript. using Node.js Express <br>framework (or Fastify/hono.js/ElysiaJS – however limited TA/CP support will be available). Refer <br>to Node.js website for installing Node.js and learning how to use it. Have a look at “Getting <br>started” guides in Express website to learn how to create backend applications using Express. <br>Axios and other libraries can be useful to make requests from your Node.js backend to Artsy <br>servers. Implementing the backend in anything other than Node.js will result in a 4-point <br>deduction.<br>2. The frontend of this Assignment must be implemented using the Angular framework. Refer to <br>Angular setup docs for installing Angular and creating Angular projects. Angular “Tour of <br>Heroes” app tutorial is a very good tutorial to see different Angular concepts in action. <br>Implementing the frontend in anything other than Angular will result in a 4-point deduction.<br>3. You are expected to create a responsive website. For that reason, we require you to use <br>Bootstrap, a CSS framework for responsive, mobile-first web development. It will save you from <br>the burden of dealing with CSS peculiarities (Some of you may have felt like this in Assignment <br>2) and the website you create will be responsive automatically if you develop within the <br>framework provided by Bootstrap. Please refer to Bootstrap docs for reference (especially look <br>1<br>at “Layout” section, and the components that you want to use). Refer to this post to learn how <br>to add Bootstrap to Angular projects. Not using Bootstrap will result in a 4-point deduction.<br>4. The backend of this Assignment must be deployed on Google Cloud. The backend should serve <br>the frontend as well as other endpoints you may define. Please refer to the instructions on D2L <br>Brightspace for deploying Node.js applications to any of the cloud services.<br>5. You must refer to the Assignment description document (this document), rubric, the reference <br>videos and instructions in Piazza while developing this Assignment. All discussions and <br>clarifications in Piazza related to this Assignment are part of the Assignment description and <br>grading guidelines. Therefore, please review all Piazza threads before submitting the <br>assignment. If there is a conflict between Piazza and this description and/or the grading <br>guidelines, answers and clarifications in Piazza supersede the other documents.<br>6. The Assignment will be graded using the latest version of the Google Chrome browser. <br>Developing the Assignment using the latest version of Google Chrome is advised.<br>4 Description<br>In this Assignment, you are going to create a web page that allows its users to search for artists using the <br>Artsy API. The results of the search will be listed as a list of artist cards. When a user clicks on an artist <br>card, details about the chosen artist will be shown underneath. The details will contain two tabs, one <br>containing information about the artist (name, birthday, deathday, nationality and biography) and other <br>containing artist’s artworks. Each artwork belongs to several categories which will be shown when the <br>categories button below the artwork is clicked.<br>4-1 Artsy Developer Registration (Same as Assignment 2).<br>To use Artsy API, you need to create a developer account in Artsy, create an app and get a client ID and <br>a client Secret.<br>Download the PDF file named Artsy REST API Setup from D2L Brightspace to create an account, obtain <br>the credentials to use the Artsy APIs, and test the APIs using Postman.<br>4-2 Artsy API Endpoints<br>The full list and documentation of Artsy API endpoints is given in https://developers.artsy.net/v2/. In <br>this Assignment, you will use 5 Artsy API endpoints: Authentication, Search, Artists, Artworks, and <br>Genes. The Artworks and Genes API endpoints are new. Also, some endpoints will be used for multiple <br>purposes – with different sets of parameters. The Authentication, Search and Artist endpoints are the <br>same as the ones used in Assignment 2. <br>Search, Artists, Artworks, and Genes endpoints require the X-XAPP-Token header, which you will get <br>through the Authentication endpoint.<br>4-2-1 Authentication Endpoint (Same as Assignment 2)<br>You can find the details about this endpoint in Assignment 2. <br>4-2-2 Search Endpoint (Same as Assignment 2)<br>You can find the details about this endpoint in Assignment 2. As per Assignment 2, only entities of type <br>“artist” should be returned.<br>2<br>4-2-3 Artists Endpoint (Same as Assignment 2)<br>You can find the details about this endpoint in Assignment 2. <br>You will use an additional variant (/artists) of this endpoint for similar artists. <br>Example request: https://api.artsy.net/api/artists?similar_to_artist_id=4d8b928b4eb68a1b2c0001f2<br>4-2-4 Artworks Endpoint<br>The Artworks endpoint is used to get a list of artworks that belong to other entities (i.e., artists, <br>partners, shows, collections, users). In this Assignment, we are interested in retrieving the artworks of a <br>specific artist. The Artworks endpoint has the base URL https://api.artsy.net/api/artworks. You send <br>your request using the HTTP GET method. The request accepts a query parameter artist_id denoting the <br>ID of the artist, artworks of which are being retrieved. Like the search endpoint, the maximum number <br>of results can be set by the size parameter, which has the maximum value of 10. In this Assignment, you <br>will always set it to 10. Like the search and artists endpoints, you should set X-XAPP-Token header in <br>your request to the token returned from the Authentication endpoint.<br>Note: this search request may take several seconds to return results.<br>Example request: https://api.artsy.net/api/artworks?artist_id=4d8b928b4eb68a1b2c0001f2size=10<br>The server returns a JSON result like the sample given below.<br>3<br>The artworks are listed in [“_embedded”][“artworks”] field. We are interested in [“id”] (ID of the <br>artwork), [“title”] (name of the artwork), [“date”] (creation year of the artwork) and <br>[“links”][“thumbnail”][“href”] (image of the artwork) fields of each artwork result.<br>Similar to search results, artworks results are paginated, meaning that the endpoint returns a specific <br>number of results after each request (set by the size parameter) and if the remaining results are wanted, <br>another request can be made to the link in the [“_links”][“next”][“href”] field of the response. In this <br>Assignment, you will only use results from the first page and will not make additional requests.<br>4-2-5 Genes (Categories) Endpoint<br>The Genes endpoint is used to get metadata about artists or artworks in Artsy. You will use it to get <br>metadata about artworks. Since gene is a strange word for this context, we use the word “category” <br>instead. The Genes endpoint has the base URL https://api.artsy.net/api/genes. You send your request <br>using HTTP GET method. The request accepts a query parameter artwork_id denoting the ID of the <br>artwork for which categories are being retrieved. Like the search, artists and artworks endpoints, you <br>should set the X-XAPP-Token header in your request to the token returned from Authentication <br>endpoint.<br>Example request: https://api.artsy.net/api/genes?artwork_id=515b0f9338ad2d78ca000554<br>The server returns a JSON result like the example given below.<br>4<br>5<br>The categories are listed in [“_embedded”][“genes”] field. We are interested in [“name”] (name of the <br>category) and [“_links”][“thumbnail”][“href”] (image of the category) fields of this response.<br>Similar to search and artworks results, gene results are paginated, meaning that the endpoint returns a <br>specific number of results after each request (set by the size parameter) and if the remaining results are <br>wanted, another request can be made to the link in the [“_links”][“next”][“href”] field of the response. <br>In this Assignment, you will only use results from the first page and will not make additional requests.<br>4-3 Gravatar Service Overview<br>In this assignment, we will work with users and display their profile. Avatar is part of it. Some services <br>have a functionality to upload profile pictures, however this could be very cumbersome. Instead, we will <br>use a public profile pictures service!<br>Gravatar is an open service designed to store user public avatars and user public profiles. It is integrated <br>into many services, including Wordpress. You will show the gravatar’s profile image of a user in this <br>assignment. There is no need to call any APIs from the backend. Instead gravatar matches the avatar by <br>hash of the email, so you will need to calculate a SHA1 hash and form. the correct image URL. You will <br>need to generate and store this URL on the backend and return it to the frontend as part of the user's <br>profile (see Authentication section).<br>If there is no avatar image matched, the service will generate a distinguishable visual pattern. More <br>details and examples can be found at https://docs.gravatar.com/api/avatars/images/ .<br>4.4 System Overview (Similar to Assignment 2)<br>The system contains three components: 1) browser (frontend), 2) Node.js/Express application (backend) <br>and 3) Artsy servers. You will implement the frontend and the backend. Your backend will have two <br>pieces of functionality: serving the frontend static files to the browser and responding to the frontend's <br>AJAX requests by fetching data from the Artsy servers. You will not directly call Artsy API from the <br>frontend JavaScript, as it requires disclosing Client Id and Client Secret (and/or XAPP_TOKEN) to the <br>public. The data flow diagram after an AJAX call is shown below.<br>Sending a front-end request (that returns data) to any service except your backend will result in a 4-<br>point penalty. Please do not directly call the Artsy API endpoints from your frontend.<br>All requests from frontend to backend must be implemented using the HTTP GET method, as you will <br>not be able to send us sample backend endpoint links as a part of your submission if you use HTTP POST.<br>Frontend Backend<br>Artsy API<br>MongoDB<br>Data flow:<br>6<br>4-5 Database<br>In this assignment we will store users and their preferences in a database. For these purposes, we will <br>use a NoSQL database, MongoDB. MongoDB is also available as a Cloud Service, called MongoDB Atlas.<br>MongoDB Atlas is a source-available, cross-platform, document-oriented, DBMS. It is classified as a <br>NoSQL DBMS (NoSQL Database Management System). A NoSQL DBMS is a non-relational database that <br>is designed to handle large-scale, distributed, and flexible data storage. Unlike traditional SQL <br>(relational) databases, NoSQL databases do not require fixed schemas, tables, or structured <br>relationships.<br>MongoDB Atlas uses JSON-like documents with optional schemas. For more information, see: <br>https://www.mongodb.com/docs/<br>Also, see MongoDB on Google Cloud: https://www.mongodb.com/mongodb-on-google-cloud<br>Once you set up an account in MongoDB Atlas, you will have to create a project to store your databases. <br>Below are the steps to set up a project and create a database.<br>Follow these steps to create a project in which you can store databases for your application.<br> <br>Follow these steps to create a deployment for the project by creating a cluster and providing user <br>access and network access for the same. This would allow your application, running on a different <br>server, to connect to MongoDB Atlas in the cloud.<br>7<br> <br>Follow these steps to create a database and a collection in that database. MongoDB stores data records <br>as documents (specifically in BSON format) which are gathered in collections. A database stores one or <br>more collections of documents.<br> <br>Follow these steps to provide the instructions on how to connect to your MongoDB database from your <br>application.<br> <br>Once you have set up the database and the collection, you can connect to the database by adding the <br>MongoDB node driver to your application. For more information on how to add the driver and run <br>queries on the database, refer to MongoDB Node Driver — Node.js.<br>Make sure to set up accesses in the “Database Access” and “Network Access” side menu to give proper <br>access to your client and allow certain IP addresses to access your database and collection(s). We <br>recommend creating a dedicated user that will only have “ReadWrite” access to your collection(s) and <br>set up an IP filtering such that it would match your IP for local development and the IP of cloud <br>deployment. WE DO NOT RECOMMEND HAVING 0.0.0.0/0 entry – this will allow anyone to try and <br>access your MongoDB instance.<br>4-6 Authentication<br>In this assignment we will support two types of clients: Guests and Authenticated users. Part of the <br>functionality will be available (and visible) only to users that are logged in. In short, authenticated users <br>can (in addition to guest users’ privileges):<br>1) See “similar artists” section<br>2) Have a favorite list of artists (separate favorites page and add/remove buttons)<br>You will need to implement 4 actions (endpoints):<br>1) Registration (available only to guests)<br>2) Login (available only to guests)<br>3) Log out (available only to authenticated users)<br>4) Delete account (available only to authenticated users)<br>Moreover, your frontend should track (know) if the user is logged in and show information about <br>current user (if any).<br>Auth functional requirements:<br>1) Auth state should be persistent across page reloads (F5/Cmd+R)<br>2) Auth state should be shared across tabs<br>3) Information belonging to user (Profile, favorites) should match the current user<br>4) Log out functionality should permanently change the auth state (ex: if you log out and reload <br>the page, you should be still logged out, regardless of the tab)<br>5) Visible elements should respect the state of authentication (elements that are only available to <br>logged users should be hidden on log out and vice-versa)<br>In this assignment we will use JWT tokens and Cookies.<br>4-6-1 Registration Procedure<br>The frontend should send a request to the backend containing all the fields necessary to register a user. <br>The backend should validate the data. If there is another registered user with the same email or some <br>fields are missing or contain incorrect values (though most of these errors should be caught on the <br>frontend, see below discussion), a proper error message should be returned. The frontend will rely on <br>this message to display all validation errors for the corresponding fields.<br>Also, the backend should generate a profile image URL. Please refer to the Gravatar Section and <br>Gravatar’s documentation. https://docs.gravatar.com/api/avatars/hash/ . Be advised, that you can use <br>Node.js’s built-in “node:crypto” module to create a sha256 hash.<br>The backend should insert the user’s data into the database. Users’ data should minimally contain the <br>following fields (you may change their names): fullname, email, password (hashed), profileImageUrl. You <br>may have additional fields if necessary.<br>Storing passwords in plaintext in the database is not secure! To prevent passwords from leaking they are <br>stored in an irreversible hashed form. One of the popular secu代 写program、Java
程序re hash algorithms is bcrypt. One of the <br>recommended implementations is the “bcrypt” npm package. Please refer to its documentation: <br>8<br>9<br>https://github.com/kelektiv/node.bcrypt.js?tab=readme-ov-fileesm-import<br>After the user’s information is inserted in the database, we need to create and return the JWT token to <br>the frontend. In this assignment we will use cookies to set, store and send these tokens. Token and <br>cookies should be set to be valid for 1 hour. <br>The registration page (and the menu) should be available to unauthenticated users only and should <br>match the screenshot below. <br>The form. should have validation – all fields are required (use the REQUIRED attribute), the email field <br>should contain a valid email address. This validation should be performed on the client (use the <br>PATTERN attribute). Additionally, validation errors coming from the backend should also be shown <br>under a corresponding field (please refer to the screen shot). Validation errors disappear once the field <br>value has been modified (and does not contain a frontend-checked error anymore). The “Register” <br>action button should be disabled while the form. is empty or contains validation errors.<br>The login link should lead to the login page, as shown in the next page.<br>4-6-2 Login Procedure<br>The front end should send the email and password to the backend, once validation checks have been <br>successful. The backend should look for a user matching the email and the password sent against the <br>stored email and hash associated with the user. If the user is not found or the password does not match <br>an error should be returned and properly shown on the frontend (refer to the screenshots below).<br>If a user is found and the password matches the hash, the user should be authenticated by responding <br>with all required data to set up his session (maybe with user profile data). Like with the registration<br>process, use a JWT token and HTTP-only cookies with expiration offset set at 1 hour (for both JWT and <br>the cookie).<br>The login page (and the menu) should be available to unauthenticated users only and should match the <br>screenshot below.<br>Form. validation and behavior. should be like the form. described in the “Fixme-1. Registration” section –<br>all fields are required, email should be valid, “Login” button should be disabled until there are no <br>validation errors.<br>On a successful login, the frontend should redirect the user to the Search page and change the visual <br>appearance of all elements according to a new auth state (described below).<br>The Register link should lead to the registration page.<br>10<br>4-6-3 Logout Procedure<br>This menu should be available to authenticated users only and should match the screenshot below. <br>When an option is clicked, it should send a request to the backend to clear the cookie. Additionally, the <br>frontend should reflect a new unauthenticated state. If the user was previously on the page that <br>requires authentication, redirect to the Search page.<br>4-6-4 Delete account Procedure<br>This menu should be available to authenticated users only and should match the screenshot below. <br>When this option is clicked, it should send a request to the backend to delete the user with all data <br>11<br>associated and clear the cookie. Additionally, the frontend should reflect a new unauthenticated (guest) <br>state. If the user was previously on the page that requires authentication, redirect them to the Search <br>page.<br>4-6-5 Current auth state<br>Once the user logs in, the page refresh should not affect the frontend's auth state (until the user logs <br>out / deletes his profile)! <br>Frontend in the authenticated state must store some profile data (profile, favorites), hence after the <br>page is refreshed, the frontend should be able to restore that data. There could be different approaches:<br>1) “…/me” request (Recommended). <br>This approach suggests the following – once the page is loaded, the frontend immediately issues <br>a specific request to the backend. This includes an additional endpoint (usually “…/me”) that <br>tries to authenticate users based on the JWT cookie (if provided) and returns some state (could <br>be current user profile and maybe some other data) that usually has data like the “/login” <br>endpoint. <br>If there are no credentials provided (or they have expired/ are invalid) the corresponding <br>response indicates to the frontend that the current state is “unauthenticated”.<br>If user data is returned – frontend can just use this data and change auth state to <br>“authenticated”.<br>2) Local storage. We don’t recommend persisting user data in the localStorage, since it might be <br>impossible to determine the consistency of localStorage data against the data in the HTTP-only <br>Cookie (ex: it can be expired or cleared), since JS cannot read it. There are some workarounds, <br>however they could simply lower the security.<br>4-7 User Favorites<br>This assignment allows authenticated users to store a list of favorite artists. The backend should keep <br>this list associated with user (and store it in the database) and support the following actions:<br>1) Adding an artist to the user’s favorites list<br>2) Removing an artist from the user’s favorite list<br>3) Retrieving user’s favorites<br>The backend should also track the moment of time when the artist was added. Later, the frontend <br>should display them in the “newest-first” order.<br>Since the list is associated with the user, it should be deleted once the user is deleted.<br>This list will affect the appearance of certain elements, so it might be convenient to return this data <br>along with the user profile. In other words, the frontend should have this list (and maintain its <br>12<br>consistency) as soon as possible to correctly display artists’ state on the screen. Visual description is <br>provided in the corresponding section below.<br>4-8 Page Layout<br>The page contains a header section, a content section and a footer section arranged vertically. <br>The header section has a bar (Hint: Check Bootstrap navbar component) containing the site title “Artist <br>Search” on its left and a menu on the right. Items available in the menu depend on whether the user is <br>logged in or not. <br>For unauthenticated users - Search, Log In, Register:<br>For authenticated users - Search, Favorites and a profile dropdown:<br>Profile dropdown consists of a static part and a dropdown itself. Static part should have user’s avatar <br>(from Gravatar.com), full name and a caret. Click on the static parts triggers dropdown and it <br>opens/closes. Any click outside the dropdown, as well as the “ESC” key press closes the dropdown. <br>Dropdown consists of two items: “Delete account” and “Log out”. Those options are described in the <br>“FIXME-4 Authentication” section.<br>The footer section is another static bar containing Artsy attribution “Powered by Artsy.”, in which the <br>Artsy logo is placed before the word “Artsy”. When Artsy text on the footer is clicked, the page is <br>redirected to Artsy homepage. <br>Page Footer<br>The content section contains the contents of the page, in which the following features will be shown.<br>4-9 Search Form<br>When a user opens the page for the first time, there is only a search form. (Hint: Check Bootstrap Forms) <br>in the content section. Search form. contains three items: an input section, a search button and a clear <br>button, shown below.<br>Search Form<br>13<br>The behavior. of the Clear button is described in Section 4-12.<br>The Search button is enabled if and only if the input section contains some input as shown below. (Hint: <br>check disabled attribute).<br>Search Button is Enabled when Input Section is not Empty<br>Artist names will be entered into the input section of the search form. The input section has the <br>placeholder value “Please enter an artist name.”, which is shown when the input field is empty. When <br>the input section is focused (i.e., input section is clicked and the cursor is blinking within the field), its <br>style. changes as shown below. <br>Input Section when Focused<br>Users can initiate a search by either 1) clicking the search button or 2) by hitting the enter key. Users <br>cannot initiate search when the input section is empty because the search button is disabled.<br>Like Assignment 2, when the search is initiated, your frontend will do an AJAX call to the backend, <br>sending the input text. Upon receiving the request, your backend will make a request to Artsy Search <br>API, forwarding the input text to Artsy Search API via parameter q as described in the Search Endpoint <br>section above. Until a response is received from the backend, a spinner (Hint: Check Bootstrap spinners) <br>will be shown near the search button as shown below.<br>Spinner is Shown Until a Response Arrives<br>When the response arrives, the spinner will be hidden, and the results are shown in the result list.<br>The clear button of the search form. brings the page to its initial state. It clears the input section, result <br>list and artist details. Consequent page refresh shows the initial state of a cleared page.<br>4-10 Result List<br>The results of the search are shown as a list of cards (Hint: Check Bootstrap Cards), similar to <br>Assignment 2. Each card contains the artist image with link retrieved from the <br>["_links"]["thumbnail"]["href"] field of an artist resulting in the response of search endpoint. Below the <br>image, the artist’s name is listed corresponding to the [“title”] field of the artist result. The list of result <br>cards is scrollable. The artist names have a blue background color (HTML Color Code: 205375).<br>14<br>Result List<br>If a particular artist does not have an image, Artsy returns “/assets/shared/missing_image.png” in the <br>["_links"]["thumbnail"]["href"] field as mentioned in Section 4-2-2. In this case, you will place Artsy logo <br>as the artist image as shown below.<br>Artsy Logo is Shown if an Artist Does Not Have an Image<br>If the search results are empty, i.e. no artists match the given query, an error message containing text <br>“No results.” will be shown as below (Hint: Check Bootstrap Alerts).<br>No Artists Match the Query<br>When a card is hovered, its background color changes as shown below. <br>15<br>The Background Color Change of a Hovered Card<br>When the user is authenticated, the artist card should contain a button with a star icon. If the artist is <br>not in favorites, the star should have no fill. If the artist is in favorites – start should have a yellow fill. <br>Click on the button toggles the state – adds and removes an artist to/from favorites. This change should <br>be reflected immediately everywhere it is shown (for example, in the Artist Info tab) and trigger the <br>notification logic described in the favorites section below.<br>The “favorites” button appearance and on-off states<br>When an artist card is clicked, your frontend will do an AJAX call to your backend to get artist details. To<br>get artist details, you must send an artist ID to the backend. For that, you must associate artist IDs with <br>cards, which you can do during initial search by sending artist IDs from your backend to the frontend as <br>a part of the response. Detail view will contain two tabs – “Artist Info” (Selected by default) and <br>“Artworks” Until a response is received from the backend, a spinner is shown for both tabs as shown <br>below.<br>16<br>Spinner is Shown Until a Response Arrives<br>The selected card’s background color is permanently set to lighter blue after the click, which denotes the <br>active card for which details are being shown. It should stay the same until another card is selected or <br>details are closed (by clicking on “search” or “clear” buttons).<br>When the response with necessary data arrives, hide the spinner and show the contents of a <br>corresponding tab.<br>4-11 Artist Details<br>Artist details are shown in two tabs: Artist Info and Artworks (Hint: Check Bootstrap Navs and Tabs).<br>4-11-1 Artist Info Tab<br>Artist Info tab contains the same information as Assignment 2. It includes artist name, artist birth year, <br>artist death year, artist nationality and artist biography retrieved from Artists endpoint as shown below.<br>17<br>Artist Info Tab<br>Artist Info formatting.<br>The first line contains the name of the artist. Next line contains the nationality of the artist, followed by <br>birth and death days. Notice the “en dash” between dates. Next, the biography is shown. Notice proper <br>paragraph separation and no split words for a line break (See “By 1911-12, Cubism”. Original text: “By<br>1911–12, Cub- ism”). <br>18<br>This information corresponds to [“name”], [“birthday”], [“deathday”], [“nationality”] and [“biography”] <br>fields of the artist's endpoint response. Similar to Assignment 2, if any of the fields are empty, you <br>should simply leave them blank. <br>If content does not fit the screen, the whole page should be scrollable.<br>Open description (tabs and their contents) should be restored after the page refresh, however search <br>results should hide, and search input should reset. You should design and implement it the way, one <br>may easily share the description with others (e.g. via socials) by url only (the page url should contain <br>enough information for frontend to restore the page state).<br>For authenticated users there are two main changes – a “star” button and similar artist section.<br>The “star” button should behave like the “star” button on an artist card.<br>Two states of the “star” button – not in favorites, in favorites<br>Under the description with biography there should be a block titled “Similar Artists”. Please use the <br>corresponding artsy endpoint to get the list from your backend. Similar artists should be displayed in the <br>form. of cards that should look and behave exactly as artist cards in the search result section. You can use <br>the same frontend components. Upon click (except on the star button), they should change the content <br>of sections above to the artist from the card. Leave search results unchanged (but reset selected state if <br>description does not match the artist currently being displayed).<br>Screenshot of the artist detail section under authenticated user<br>19<br>4-11-2 Artworks Tab<br>The Artworks tab contains the artworks of the selected artist. Artworks are retrieved from the Artworks <br>endpoint described in Section 4-2-4. Example is shown below.<br>First Four Artworks of Claude Monet (Page Contains More)<br>Each artwork has an image corresponding to the [“links”][“thumbnail”][“href”] field of the artwork (See <br>Section 4-2-4), a name corresponding to the [“title”] field of the artwork (See Section 4-2-4) and a <br>creation year corresponding to the [“date”] field of the artwork (See Section 4-2-4). Artworks are listed <br>using Bootstrap Cards.<br>If an artist does not have any Artworks in Artsy, you should show an error message containing text “No <br>artworks.” as shown below.<br>Artist does not have any Artworks<br>A “Categories” button below each artwork opens a modal (Hint: See Bootstrap Modals) in which <br>categories for the artwork retrieved from the Genes Endpoint (See Section 4-2-5) are shown.<br>4-11-3 Categories Modal<br>The category modal has a title and a content section separated by a line as shown below.<br>20<br>Categories Modal Sections<br>The title section contains the image of the artwork, name of the artwork and creation date of the <br>artwork. The Content section contains the categories of the artwork retrieved from the Genes Endpoint.<br>Each category has a name corresponding to the [“name”] field of the gene (See Section 4-2-5) and an <br>image corresponding to the [“_links”][“thumbnail”][“href”] field of the gene (See Section 4-2-5).<br>When the “Categories” button of an artwork is clicked, the modal is opened, and a request is sent to the <br>backend to retrieve the categories (or genes) of an artwork. To get categories, you must send artwork ID <br>to the backend. You can associate artwork IDs with “Categories” buttons using th<br>加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
